What do you think about these?
Does he need sunglasses?
Well, he doesn't need anything.
- But he is expecting 40 gifts.
- Oh, man.
You really set a precedent for yourself.
Is he still giving you penguins
for your birthday?
Oh, no, puffins.
- Puffins.
- Yeah, puffins. Yeah.
And if I had a time machine,
where I could go back to the day,
one time 20 years ago,
where I said I thought puffins were cute,
one time.
Yeah, that's what you'd do.
Oh, no, that's all I'd do.
That reminds me.
I need to get puffin crackers.
Oh, yeah. Nice. Yeah, cute.
Okay, so, how many is that?
With what I have at home,
I think we're up to 37.
- Thirty-seven, okay, okay.
- Yeah.
Why don't you give him a bunch
of quarters for the MORPHO machine?
Yeah, Dusty's definitely not a gamer.
It's not a game.
Wait, Cass, have you not tried it yet?
I feel like you always know
about things before me.
Well, what does it do?
I don't know.
I guess it just tells you
your whole reason
for existing on this earth.
I got "Storyteller"
and I swear to God, it felt like--
it felt like someone just reached
into my soul
and articulated my secret dream.
Well, I guess it helps
if you have a secret dream.
You're going. You're going.
- Go do it. Cass, go do-- Scoot.
- No.
Scoot. Just go do it.
- Nat?
- Hey.
Yeah?
Is this a joke?
Is it a joke to you?
So what'd you get?
Just all of this.
Oh, no, no. From the MORPHO?
I've been taking pictures of people
with the best potentials. So...
Well, I don't think
that mine is photo-worthy, so...
Come on.
- Birthday party.
- Okey doke.
- Hey.
What happened? Where were you?
I did it. I cracked.
- No.
- Yeah.
How did you get in the store?
I woke up Mr. Johnson.
He wasn't that mad, actually.
Okay. What did you get?
I got "Teacher/Whistler."
What's a teacher whistler?
No, a "Teacher/Whistler."
- No, you got a slash?
- I got a slash, yeah. Look at this.
Yeah,
it seems I have two
equally viable life potentials
and I'm currently achieving them both.
- That's amazing.
- Yeah.
I mean, I had a very visceral,
negative reaction at first.
- But then I went for a walk...
- Yeah.
...and I thought, you know what,
this is good, actually, the--
It's good because it's--
What's it? Validating.
I just can't believe
you actually tried it.
I know.
- I mean, you were so against it.
- Yeah, yeah.
I was afraid to tell you that I tried it.
Because you were so-- I mean, you know,
you were taking it, like, so personal.
So you did try it?
Yeah.
I--
"Loyalty." Yes, another accurate card.
- Oh, no.
- You're incredibly loyal.
What the fuck?
You got fucking "Royalty"?
- Yeah.
- Wow.
- What does that even mean though?
- I don't know.
Are you supposed to marry
some prince or something?
Okay, first of all,
I don't like that you think I had
to marry into royalty.
And secondly,
I'm not even taking it seriously,
because, like,
it probably doesn't mean anything. Like--
- Yeah. No. It's like--
- It can't even be-- You know.
- Like, it doesn't mean anything.
- Except this one is extremely specific.
Yeah, but maybe your card means something,
and my card means nothing.
Right.
So did you use the machine
before or after I asked you
if you had used it and you said no?
I think after.
- You think after?
- Yeah.
Pretty big difference between the two.
Yeah, it was definitely before I knew
you had such an issue with it.
I don't have an issue with it.
I think it's great, fun for the town.
I mean, look at us.
I have two equally viable potentials
that I'm already achieving,
and yours is completely unattainable, so...
Okay.
Thanks, Angelia.
Because I thought you were joking.
A moat poses
too many safety issues, Martha.
I won't approve it.
Drowning, for one.
I'm being ridiculous.
No, I'm busy.
Perhaps you've heard of a little
town-wide function called Deerfest,
which I single-handedly plan.
I'll bring it up at the next town meeting,
but I'm not gonna
make promises I can't keep.
Honestly.
I broke up with Martha 30 years ago,
and she still finds excuses to call me.
Oh, Cass. If those are more mugs--
It's been hard enough moving the rest
of your recent projects,
with your wine glasses
and your tea towels and whatever.
Well, these are T-shirts,
and maybe they would move
if you put my stuff here
with the "Izzy's picks"
- instead of hiding them in the back.
- Don't be insane.
- They'd accuse me of nepotism.
- Mom, it's your store.
It's also my office,
and I am under constant scrutiny.
As mayor, everything I do is political.
Oh, my God.
What does this even mean, Cass?
It doesn't mean anything. It's a joke.
So is this your first act as Queen?
Making meaningless joke T-shirts
for your people?
- How did you--
- Nat told me.
And guess what?
I got "Dancer" from that machine,
something I actually accomplished,
but you don't see me going around
bragging about it to everyone.
I wasn't bragging.
I wasn't. Nat was just there.
And did Nat suggest the lipstick?
Well, maybe she'll write
about it in the Deerfield Digest.
"Woman wears wrong shade
of lipstick for her complexion."
Okay, this has nothing to do with that.
I'm wearing lipstick
because we're hosting dinner tonight.
- You know that.
- And why are you hosting dinner?
- For Dusty's birthday.
- Don't shout at me, Cass.
I cannot be expected
to remember everybody's birthday.
- I'm not a computer.
- But it's not actually his birthday.
His birthday was 11 days ago,
and then we moved the dinner three times
because of you.
Well, if it's in my calendar,
I'll be there.
Now is there anything else or are we good?
We're good.
Empress Matilda's cousin,
this dude Stephen of Blois,
was basically like,
"Yeah, Henry said on his deathbed
that I could be heir."
But everyone knew Matilda deserved it.
Sorry, Lydia.
Your presentation is great and extensive.
It's just-- I can tell everybody's
really distracted, you know?
I get it.
How are we supposed to invest in history
when you've all got so many questions
to be answered
about what's happening right now,
here in this town?
Specifically, where did this friggin'
MORPHO machine come from?
That's what they're all wondering.
I mean, what does MORPHO even mean?
It's a butterfly.
It's a butterfly, yeah.
No, that I mean, yeah.
I'm also able to look up things
on the Internet.
You had to look it up?
There's a giant butterfly logo on it.
It's also the shape of a butterfly
and makes butterfly wings
when you put your fingerprints on it.
I understand that, Lydia.
It's just, I meant,
maybe MORPHO means something else,
like, maybe it's also the name
of a company?
So, I did a little search--
We all did a search. You get pictures
of the Blue Morpho butterfly,
but there's no company or anything.
You think the company
would use the same name?
They're using our fingerprints
and social security numbers
as some sort of data mining,
bullshit scheme.
Okay, I've never
had my fingerprints taken,
and Johnson's doesn't even have Wi-Fi.
Yeah,
and even if they're scrubbing our data,
I never said anything
about being a meteorologist
or even thought about wanting to be one.
You don't have to.
Who's to say a person
can't change their potential?
You can't. I tried it three times.
- Okay.
- "Morpho" means "shapely one" in Greek,
and the Ancient Greeks thought
the Blue Morpho could bring messages
about your future and grant wishes
and tell you your destiny.
I put that in the group chat.
So don't act like you knew that.
It's not destiny.
Destiny means,
you know, something will happen
no matter what you do.
Potential is when something could happen.
And it's not necessarily a good thing.
Did your card say something bad?
- No, I was just--
- What did you get, Jacob?
- I was just saying that--
- Oh, shit. What'd you get?
I'm gonna go.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah,
you said that I could be excused
from the Henry stuff, so...
- Okay.
- Thank you.
You really upset him there.
Come on. Let's learn from this, all right?
We can't put that much pressure
on Jacob at the moment, guys.
You were the one who asked
if he got something bad.
- No.
- Obviously he got something bad.
Why wouldn't you tell someone
if you got something good?
Help!
Help! Somebody out there?
Help! Help me!
Hey!
- Who's that?
- Oh, shit.
Jacob!
Hey, how you doing?
Are you okay? I'm good.
I mean, I'm better now that you're here.
I smacked my head real good,
but I should be all right.
I'm trying not to move myself, you know,
because they say you
shouldn't move yourself.
my phone's strapped into my bike.
Okay, don't move.
- Just stay there...
- Okay.
...and I'll call for help. Okay?
- Okay, all right. Yeah.
- Okay?
- Okay.
- All right.
- It's gonna be all right.
- Okay, fuck.
- Take deep breaths.
- I'm good. It's all good.
You got this. You got this, Jacob.
You're my hero!
All right.
- Honestly, I'm worried.
- Why?
Dad was already raging against the machine
since before it told him
he's reached his peak,
and now Mom's the people's princess.
Like, why is no one talking about this?
Everyone is talking about it, actually.
And your mom is very, very proud of it.
I'm not very proud of it.
And do you have to be texting right now?
I'm asking Principal Pat about her
accident, if that's all right with you?
- Principal Pat was in an accident?
- I don't wanna know.
What about you, Tri?
What did your potential say?
- "Potter."
- Potter, cool.
As in, like, Harry Potter?
Yes, Dad. Like Harry Potter.
Like, ceramics.
- Yes, thank you.
- Yeah.
One of my students did it a few times,
and it came out the same every time.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Did that happen to you?
How many times did you do it?
- Just a few times.
- Well, I got "Dancer,"
in case anyone was wondering.
Not that it's a big surprise.
My career in New York was pretty robust.
But then... life happened.
Would anyone like
some Châteauneuf-du-Pape?
Yes, I'll have some.
Would anyone but Trina like
some Châteauneuf-du-Pape?
I won't say no, Cass.
This wine is delicious.
It's a 2011, which was
a particularly good year in the region.
So you will taste hints
of strawberry and leather.
- Wow.
- I think I'll have some also.
We are celebrating after all.
Cary, I thought we'd at least wait
for dessert.
I can't wait.
- You're finally retiring, aren't you?
- We're not retiring.
But we are changing course.
We're actually getting a divorce.
What?
The MORPHO inspired us.
We couldn't be happier.
How--
how did the MORPHO inspire you?
- Okay, well, my card made me realize...
- Yeah.
...that what I really need is
to spend time alone.
So, I'm taking a trip to Europe
for a year as a single woman.
What is happening?
What did your card say?
- "Healer."
- "Healer"?
"Healer."
A sign from the universe
to engage in self-healing.
Or maybe it meant doctor as in
the profession that you do every day.
No. I don't wanna be a doctor anymore.
I'm all doctored out.
I was a doctor in Ireland.
I moved back here
to take over Mom's practice.
Sweetie, I have never taken time
for myself, even when I got sick.
She never has.
This was the reminder I needed.
- That's awesome, Grandma.
- Thank you, baby.
- I got "Male model."
- Make it stop.
So, specifically male?
I've been telling him
for years he has a gorgeous figure.
Yeah, well.
- It's your job to say that.
- Not anymore, apparently.
Cary has already signed with an agency
that specializes in regional commercials.
- What is it? Mall appearances...
- Right.
...and handsome Santas.
- Oh, shit.
- Handsome Santas?
Yes. Who knew? It's a thing.
This is gonna be so good for us.
Eloise and I were joking the other day.
I said, "We should have
gotten divorced years ago."
- That's a good one, Dad.
- No, but we're glad we didn't.
Because we know how upsetting separation
is for sensitive children.
No, I'm pretty upset right now.
Well, please excuse me.
Oh, Izzy! I hope you're not--
I was not referring to you and Martha.
Obviously,
not every separation is damaging.
Cass turned out delightfully unscathed.
Eloise, not to worry.
Takes way more than that to offend me.
And nobody has to tell me
how wonderful my daughter is.
Thank you all for dinner.
And happy birthday, Dusty.
That's right, it's my birthday party.
Bye, Grandma.
Wow. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to upset your mother.
It wasn't about her.
Somehow it always is. So...
So do you still love each other?
Oh, God, yes.
Son, trust me, more than ever.
That's why we're setting each other free.
I know it's a lot to deal with, Son.
You know. But you just gotta trust us.
We're doing the right thing for ourselves
and for our relationship.
- Are you flexing?
- No.
These are my relaxed arms.
When did you get so jacked, Dad?
I'm not jacked.
I'm quietly jacked at best.
"Low-key jacked," you'd probably say.
I would never say that.
I just wish you could see
the upside of this, Son.
I mean, this machine, it's helping us to--
to embrace new sides of ourselves
and to learn new things about each other.
Like you.
You never knew
that I was quietly jacked, right?
- And I never knew you could whistle.
- What are you doing right now, though?
I'm baring myself, Son.
And I want you to bare yourself too.
I don't want to take my shirt off.
I want you to whistle for me, Son.
Right now.
How do you get your chest
to be like in two separate parts?
I do a superset with an incline press
and incline dumbbell fly.
And I put a bit of sunscreen
in between my pecs.
I don't like looking at it.
Well...
I'm not putting my shirt back
on until you whistle.
In all those years I lived in Ireland,
when I could just jump
on a flight to Spain for 50 bucks.
I mean, I didn't realize
how much I would miss that.
Yeah.
So you'll have to give me
all your Europe recommendations.
Oh, yeah.
Because I'm definitely the person to ask.
No, wait. Didn't you spend
a semester abroad in college?
Just in Italy.
Just in Italy. Okay.
I lived in Montepulciano, Tuscany.
Monteputia-- Say that again.
Montepulciano.
Oh, my God. That's so beautiful.
There was this little café
where I could read and drink wine and...
- Whatever.
- What were you gonna say?
I don't know, it's like every time
I have a glass of Montepulciano,
I can literally smell the linseed oil
that they would clean the bar
of the café with.
You should go back.
Oh, yeah.
How big is your suitcase? Can I fit?
I mean, I can contort my body.
I'm so little.
Oh, no. You know I would in a heartbeat.
Pop Trina in a carry-on.
Excuse me. I can fit in a carry-on.
But I also kind of like the idea
of doing this on my own.
Wait. Why are we doing the dishes?
Let's see what those boys are up to.
Come on.
Uh-oh.
Oh, my.
Work it, babe.
Yeah, we were just having a bit
of guy time down here.
It's more of a father-son thing.
Oh, yes.
This is very classic father-son behavior.
So I'm gonna just--
I'm gonna get out of the way.
What's going on with this shirt?
Why didn't you? Why did you--
Babe,
why are you holding the shirt like that?
Daddy.
Don't call him "Daddy."
Oh, my God. You-- Stop. It's too sexy.
You're just saying that
because you're my ex-wife.
Okay, Eloise.
So, I just wanted to give you this.
- Now, it's about wine...
- Yes.
...but it gets deep
into the geography as well, so...
I thought you'd only been to Italy.
- This is--
- Oh, yeah.
Well, at one point I thought
I might go to France, but...
- I feel bad taking this.
- Oh, no, don't.
And I never look at it.
Well, thank you.
And I hope you know we love you both.
- Love you too, Mom.
- Love you too.
- Yes. We love you both. Both of you.
- Yes. She just said it, Dad.
She just said it.
You're so sweaty now. Look at that.
That's okay. He still smells amazing.
All right. We can all smell my father
later on. Let's get you guys home.
Okay. You got everything, baby.
- Love you.
- Take care.
Be good.
I'm sorry, what?
Hey. I know that was a shock for you.
- Yeah.
- But they seem really happy.
So, that's gotta be good, right?
I mean, you know,
I'd like it to be recognized
that it's extremely rash
and destabilizing.
You know, now that the catwalk
and whistling have concluded.
We don't need to encourage people
to have a divorce.
You think the world
needs more divorced models?
- I was--
- This is madness! No?
What is going on with everybody?
Why is everybody so desperate
to change their lives overnight?
And why did you get me a theremin?
Let's talk about that.
About what? The theremin?
The theremin, yes. Yes, the theremin.
I didn't ask for this.
It wasn't on my list.
What are you--
What are you trying to say to me
when you get me something like that?
I just thought I'd give you something
to try that's different and unique.
Because I'm not unique.
Oh, my God, Dusty. No. Oh, my gosh.
You are special. You are amazing.
But, sweetie,
your dad is pursuing a new career,
your mom is traveling the world,
and you can't even try
a little musical instrument?
- She said Europe.
- What?
No, it was just, like, you said,
"Oh, she's traveling the world."
She said Europe.
Okay, well, that's one more continent
than you're willing to try, so...
I have been to Europe, Cass.
Where do you think Ireland is?
You haven't actually been
to Europe, Dusty.
You came from Europe.
You actually haven't been anywhere.
I'm sorry, Amelia Earhart.
I forgot about your little voyage
through the vineyards two decades ago.
Well, I'm sorry too.
I am sorry that you have no interest
in broadening your horizons.
And I'm sorry that I bought you something
that you didn't ask for.
- Apology accepted.
- No!
You don't get to accept
my fake apology, so...
I accept it wholeheartedly.
You asked if I was happy.
Are you happy?
Is this happy--
I don't know if this is happy, Cass.
I've never really had to think about it,
and that was just fine.
But now because
of some stupid fucking machine,
I have to think about it all the time.
Well, I have to think
about it all the time too.
And what I think, is
if and how I can be happier.
Maybe you should try that too.
So, that's new.
What is?
You and Dad fighting.
Well. It's nothing to worry about.
- We're okay.
- I'm not worried.
Apparently,
only really happy people get divorced.
Did you know that tasting wine
is a five-step process?
That's not what wi-- Wow.
Where are the five steps exactly?
Okay. All right, that was a freebie.
The first step, you want
to look at the color.
Wow.
Okay, so, take this glass and hold it up.
Tilt it towards the light.
It's red.
So next, you wanna swirl. Okay.
So very gentle with your wrist.
Okay, now that opens the wine up.
Now, do you see those little streaks
on the side of the glass?
- Yeah.
- Those are called legs.
Question. Do we ever actually
get to drink the wine, or is it just...
Will you tell me what you smell?
Like, cherry?
- Yes. Okay. So, now sip.
- Okay.
Sip. Yep. That's good.
And now you savor.
This MORPHO thing's really
throwing you for a loop, isn't it?
It really is.
I think what I'm realizing
is that I wanna be the kind
of mom that you admire.
You are.
No, but, like... to be that, I can't--
I can't have my own frustrations,
you know?
Like, I can't be the type of person
who is so bitter about her failed dreams
that she just has to make you feel small
at every opportunity.
Well, I don't know
who you could possibly be talking about.
It's purely hypothetical.
Of course.
I just don't wanna fuck you up.
Well, I am pretty fucked up already.
So you may have just missed the boat.
If this is about the whole machine thing,
I think you need to let yourself
off the hook a bit.
It's only important
if you want it to be important.
I think I want it to be important, Trina.
And if that's--
I know you're laughing at me, but...
I'm not laughing at you.
I just need it to mean something.
Well...
Make it mean something.
I'm pulling my products.
You can't sell them anymore.
I'll call you back.
- What did you say?
- You heard me.
You don't get to decide
what other people should want.
Okay?
Do you think that the people
of Deerfield want cheap deer shit?
When was the last time anybody
even saw a fucking deer in this town?
It shouldn't even be called Deerfield.
It should be called Field.
Well, the deer statues are top sellers.
Unlike anything you've made.
Yeah? Yeah?
Okay, well let's take a look
at your other top sellers, shall we?
Like this here.
"Home is for family."
Really? Is that what home is for?
Well, then please,
I mean, let me purchase all of these.
As well as a rock, because as we all know,
"Deerfield rocks."
I mean, you know what doesn't rock?
Painted rocks. Painted rocks do not rock.
Painted rocks fucking suck!
You don't like my rocks?
Sheila. I love your rocks, they're great.
I was just kinda making an overall point.
So, I would actually love
to purchase one of your rocks.
Fifty dollars? For the small one?
They're expensive
because of the fine detail.
Okay.
You know what?
I will be back to purchase a rock.
Right now, my hands are full,
because I am taking these pillows.
Call the mayor.
Okay. I know you didn't wanna do this.
But I really think it's going
to inspire people.
I find it really embarrassing.
I know, but, it's good for the store.
Now please hold it up high for me.